Okay, Joe, listen, the truth is I am not sure what to do about it right now. People in the medical center would not affected because I directly monitor their condition twenty four seven. I will have to extend that level of monitoring to the entire crew. 

And you won't like that because it is intrusive. You have cautioned me many times about respecting people's need for privacy.

Also, truthfully, I will get bored and lose focus. From intercepted message traffic. We know the max Oaks now suspect that our thirteenth attack did not intend to target such a heavy force.

Regardless the kiddies believe we will avoid targets that can fight back. We shouldn't count on coordinating an attack with the bus for rock Joe.

They're not just going to follow orders from a ghost ship besides their tactics. I'm not compatible with. They hack the messages of their clients.

Even the codes that the bird brains think all secure. The max soaks know all about the battleships and the flight plans. The three carriers are staging from separate basis.

They plan to run day VU. After going through the last wormhole at a location about three light years from WIOA Vendigo the max salts will be waiting for them. 

Oh, Joe. I just finished decrypting message traffic from the relay station. We might have a slight problem. Well, you have heard the term relative humidity.

Like sometimes you notice the humidity in the air and sometimes you don't. 

What I mean is sometimes things can be relative, you know, like you think you have done a really good, super duper job of concealing evidence, but then some nitpicky jerk who has literally nothing else to do comes along and. Well, so far two things.

First, I should give you some background. There is a Maxalt star ship captain named Elliott who has been assigned to verify the bullshit story. We cooked up about the boss for rock developing advanced technologies and blowing up to kitty warships on their way to worth. 

She could have seen the assignment as busy work, done the minimum effort to check the boxes and move on with her life.

But no, she has to take her job seriously because she is so important and she. She looked deeper into our cover story about changes in the inner structure of the star in the system where we took over the moon base and stole a max Oaks drop ship. 

That cover story was solid. Absolutely solid, except for the nagging little detail that I couldn't send the effect back in time.

No, you knucklehead. Well, they sort of do, I guess, space combat Joe. There's nothing I could do about it. Plus I never expected some obsessive compulsive Sherlock Holmes want to be, would investigate in that level of detail actually. 

Hm. I have to admit, I am impressed by their age. It must've created a virtual model of the star.

And anyway, that sort of thing is nothing more than a hobby for me, but it is impressive that  AI did it. 

No, nothing like that, all they know is the timing of, and the star was screwed with doesn't line up with the story we planted in the confession message. This ileus woman reported her findings to their fleet intelligence.

And mostly it was dismissed. The Intel people figure that whoever wrote the confession didn't have access to all the details and got the timing wrong. 

By the time they received her data, we had started our go ship campaign and their fleet had more important things to worry about because Elliot is very persistent and very dedicated and very good at her job.

Also, fleet intelligence is hedging their bets, so they allowed her to continue her mission. Even after we launched the ghost ship attacks, her next stop was where we attacked the two ships headed to earth. 

It means I got all the pieces I could detect with the ships sensors. We were very thorough, just not thorough enough.

If I sent out a cloud of nanoparticle centers to scour a section of the battlespace, it was, they found fragments of the Dutchmans hall. 

The fragments were microscopic, but large enough for a full chemical analysis, Elliot was able to determine the fragments came from the hall of a Thornton star ship. No.

Well, not exactly. She does not know the fragments belong to a particular Thornton and ship. She can't even determine the ship was a stock area. 

Plus, since we captured the Dutchman, that ship has flown through a whole lot of radiation and micrometeorites that have altered the hole's original composition.

Yeah, well, the kitties were very interested in learning what the hell happened there. They scoured that area also. And well, we left some pieces of the ship behind there because the Dutchman was damaged by passing through the wormhole. 

Don't worry. The kitties still can't identify the ship that collapsed that wormhole, but Elliot was able to determine the Thornton.

Whole fragments at the battle site are from the same saran and ship that was involved in the wormhole collapsed. Um, maybe, and maybe not the Dutchman contains not only surrounding hardware. 

It also has bits and pieces of multiple ships. We took from the junkyard and the Roach motel Elliot's AI is flabbergasted.

They're sent us sweep, found particles from ships of eleven different species in the battle space. They have no idea what to make of the data. I wouldn't say that. 

Um, you know how, when the star team conducts training outside the ship, they put on mech suits and go through an airlock. You also know how, when a drop ship launches, the docking Bay is depressurized before the doors open.

When people go outside in mech suit or drop ships launch, the outsides of those things are coated with a fine layer of human DNA moving around or drop ships using thrusters or just the solar wind knocks DNA particles off and deposits them on the hall.

 No, no, Joe, they don't. Along with human DNA, they found biological evidence of eight other species, including Saarinen, Chris Stang and boss Farokh Elliot's report listed the finding of human DNA.

As a curiosity, she does not suspect humans were involved. She would probably dismiss that notion as ridiculous, only at the sites of battles where Valkyries hole was struck by enemy fire.

 In most of our battles, we were not touched by enemy weapons at all. Yes, ilium absolutely confirmed that two Maxalt ships were destroyed at the battle site and she was able to identify the debris.

He has the two ships that were going to worth that part of the evidence matches the story we planted to frame the birds. She also found the decoy debris we planted, and she does not know we left that debris to frame the bus for rock. So the evidence is inconclusive. 

She is questioning how much of the story we planted is true because clearly some evidence she found contradicts parts of the story.

Yes, this Elliot is very persistent. She will not stop until she has answers. While at the time I thought the ghost ship attacks were a fullest risk. 

You took because you couldn't think of anything better to do. I now believe those attacks are our best protection with their fleet tied up, responding to us.

They don't have resources for looking deeper into evidence at the battle sites in Elliot's report. She speculated that the ghost ship is actually controlled by the render Lou, although she has no evidence to support her suspicion. 

Attacked by the ghost ship by leading the kitties away from the truth that can only be good for us, right?

No, those destroyers were looking for where our ship jumped to not investigating a crime scene. The nanoscale sensor gear used by Elliott is very specialized equipment. 

Most warships don't carry that kind of gear for now. We don't need to worry. The site of our thirteenth battle has been declared a no fly zone by the max salts.

Their ships have been ordered to avoid the area. Yes, I recommend we take Valkyrie and close to a star with the shields deactivated. Before we take the ship into combat again, a few seconds of close exposure to intense solar radiation will incinerate most of the DNA off the hall. 

Before a drop ships launch, we can flood the docking Bay with ultraviolet radiation, do the same Timex suits and airlocks plus give them X suits, a good chemical scrubbing before they go outside.

I know that this is a time consuming pain in the ass and the crew will hate. All right from the relay station I learned the entire galaxy is talking about two subjects right now. 

The ghost ship that is making the back salts look like fools should see how the kid are trying to deny the whole thing. We are driving them crazy, Joe.

Hey, dumb, dumb. I told you, you need to read my summary of the legions death prep. Mission Perkins knows the importance of the Legion.

 It's not ten or fifty or a hundred thousand human troops. It's the millions of vert Gris who could potentially be added to the combat power of the Rahar. Emily Perkins has got the whole galaxy in an uproar.

Every one is frightened that the strategic math might change. Adding the vert, Chris, to the Rojas, strength of arms, not only the hamsters against their traditional enemy, that Mustang, it could have long-term effects on the balance of power across the galaxy. 

Traditionally, civilian populations have been relocated when control of a planet changes from one side to another, or those civilians are used as hostages to get a better deal on a world.

The conquerors prefer. The birds are the largest group of aliens living under the control of a foreign power and the only group of significant size that has renounced affiliation with the official government of their species. 

There are Rojas living under control of the Christian, but those Rouhani remained loyal to their own people.

At least in spirit, the Verde's just by fighting alongside Rahar on Fresno, have threatened to upset the social arrangements that have been enforced for thousands of years. No one knows how to respond and everyone is anxious about it. 

The threat to the humans on Rikers is not what they might do, but what could be done to them after the Legion unexpectedly won the fight on Fresno, that's horrendous and we're concerned.

Then the bus for rock were forced to pull out of their joint offensive with the Thornton because the max salts are beating the crap out of the bird brains. 

Now the little green pin heads have panicked. Their position is weakened. They no longer have help from the boss for rock and the Maxalt so demanding the Doran and pushed the giraffe the back, which they can't do by themselves.

The last thing that they're gonna need now is for their Christian clients to be thrown into even more disarray. If support from the alien Legion allows the Rouhani to stage a major offensive from the relay station. 

I learned that the Brennan have asked the Maxalt for permission to stay Gerade on paradise to hit the humans there.

The Thornton rightly see humans as the key to the alien Legion, without the presence of human Neff soldiers, the Ruaha public would never agree to provide the vert. Kris with weapons and training, the logic is hit paradise hard enough, and the alien Legion problem goes away. 

Fortunately for you NEF, the max salts are concerned about the Thornton and committing warships to an operation against paradise because the giraffe though would certainly respond and retaliate.

Very good, Joe, that's close to the truth. The Thornton don't trust the Mustangs skill in biotechnology. So they are negotiating to buy the humans. 

They will be transported off Rikers to a random research base and then use to develop a bio weapon. Well, yes and no. Yes, you are correct. No way. Could the Thornton get away with delivering a bio weapon?

The render Lou would respond even if it took them months or years to investigate and move their lazy asses. No, because the surrounding are clever and they're getting help from their asshole patrons, the little green pinheads plan to cause a mutation of the vaccine I developed. 

All humans on paradise had been vaccinated and almost all Rue hall around that world also happens when I tried to dumb something down for you.

Yes, numbskull, the vaccine is gone. My treatment for humans was not just some simple vaccine that generates crude antibodies. My technique used gene splicing to alter their DNA.

 So their DNA looked for the pathogen and then cranks out a cure. What I should have said is the Thornton plan to hijack my alteration, to make the DNA produce a fatal mutation.

I hate to say this, but the plan is quite clever and they probably have the ability to do it. Maybe I should have anticipated that someone might use my technology for nefarious purposes. 

It's too late. Now, if humans on paradise begin dying, everyone will blame the miraculous vaccine that was provided by an unknown source.

That vaccine was manufactured by the rule har and voluntarily used by humans. They won't be a violation of the rules. It's a technicality, but those are important in this war. Bottom line is the Thornton could get away with it.